README.md, before:

# MCP Manager

[![CI](https://github.com/JerrettDavis/McpManager/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/JerrettDavis/McpManager/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![CodeQL](https://github.com/JerrettDavis/McpManager/actions/workflows/codeql.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/JerrettDavis/McpManager/actions/workflows/codeql.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/JerrettDavis/McpManager/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/JerrettDavis/McpManager)
![.NET 10.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-10.0-512BD4?style=flat&logo=dotnet)
![Blazor](https://img.shields.io/badge/Blazor-512BD4?style=flat&logo=blazor)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)](LICENSE)
[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/JerrettDavis/McpManager)](https://github.com/JerrettDavis/McpManager/releases)
[![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-ghcr.io-blue?logo=docker)](https://github.com/JerrettDavis/McpManager/pkgs/container/mcpmanager)

> **Manage your Model Context Protocol servers across all AI agents in one place!**

MCP Manager is a modern, extensible dashboard application for discovering, installing, and managing MCP (Model Context Protocol) servers across multiple AI agents like Claude Desktop, GitHub Copilot, and more.

## ✨ Features

- 🔍 **Browse & Search** - Discover MCP servers from registries
- 📦 **Install & Manage** - One-click installation and management
- 🤖 **Multi-Agent Support** - Works with Claude, Copilot, and more
- 🎛️ **Unified Dashboard** - Manage all servers and agents from one place
- ⚡ **Simple UI** - Intuitive checkboxes, buttons, and actions
- 🔧 **Extensible** - Plugin-based architecture for new agents
- 🐳 **Containerizable** - Docker support for flexible deployment
- ✅ **Well-Tested** - Comprehensive unit test coverage

## 🏗️ Architecture

MCP Manager follows **SOLID principles** and **Clean Architecture**:

### Project Structure

```
McpManager/
├── src/
│   ├── McpManager.Core/           # Domain models and interfaces
│   ├── McpManager.Application/    # Business logic and services
│   ├── McpManager.Infrastructure/ # Agent connectors and registries
│   ├── McpManager.Web/            # Blazor Server web application
│   └── McpManager.Desktop/        # Desktop app using Photino.Blazor
├── tests/
│   └── McpManager.Tests/          # Unit and integration tests
└── docs/                          # Documentation
```

### Key Design Patterns

- **Dependency Inversion**: All dependencies flow inward through interfaces
- **Single Responsibility**: Each service handles one concern
- **Open/Closed**: Extensible via `IAgentConnector` interface
- **DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself)**: Shared logic in base classes and services

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites

- [.NET 10.0 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/10.0) (for building from source)
- One or more AI agents installed (Claude Desktop, GitHub Copilot, etc.)

### Installation Options

#### Option 1: Desktop App (Recommended)

The desktop app runs as a standalone application with no browser required!

**Windows:**
1. Download the latest `mcpmanager-desktop-win-x64.zip` from [Releases](https://github.com/JerrettDavis/McpManager/releases)
2. Extract the archive
3. Run `McpManager.Desktop.exe`
4. The app opens in its own window!

**Linux:**
1. Download the latest `mcpmanager-desktop-linux-x64.tar.gz` from [Releases](https://github.com/JerrettDavis/McpManager/releases)
2. Extract: `tar -xzf mcpmanager-desktop-linux-x64.tar.gz`
3. Make executable: `chmod +x McpManager.Desktop`
4. Run: `./McpManager.Desktop`
5. The app opens in its own window!

#### Option 2: Server-Hosted

If you prefer the traditional server model where you open a browser:

**Windows:**
1. Download the latest `mcpmanager-server-win-x64.zip` from [Releases](https://github.com/JerrettDavis/McpManager/releases)
2. Extract the archive
3. Run `McpManager.Web.exe`
4. Navigate to http://localhost:5000

**Linux:**
1. Download the latest `mcpmanager-server-linux-x64.tar.gz` from [Releases](https://github.com/JerrettDavis/McpManager/releases)
2. Extract: `tar -xzf mcpmanager-server-linux-x64.tar.gz`
3. Make executable: `chmod +x McpManager.Web`
4. Run: `./McpManager.Web`
5. Navigate to http://localhost:5000

#### Option 3: Docker

```bash
# Pull and run the latest image
docker pull ghcr.io/jerrettdavis/mcpmanager:latest
docker run -p 8080:8080 ghcr.io/jerrettdavis/mcpmanager:latest

# Navigate to http://localhost:8080
```

#### Option 4: Build from Source

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/JerrettDavis/McpManager.git
cd McpManager

# Restore dependencies
dotnet restore

# Run the application
dotnet run --project src/McpManager.Web

# Navigate to https://localhost:5001
```

### Run with Docker

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/JerrettDavis/McpManager.git
cd McpManager

# Restore dependencies
dotnet restore

# Run the application
dotnet run --project src/McpManager.Web

# Navigate to https://localhost:5001
```

## 📖 Usage

### Dashboard

The main dashboard provides an overview of:
- Number of installed MCP servers
- Detected AI agents on your system
- Active server installations across agents

### Browse Servers

1. Navigate to **Browse Servers**
2. Search for servers by name, description, or tags
3. Click **Install** on any server you want to add

### Manage Agents

1. Navigate to **Agents**
2. Select an agent to view its configured servers
3. Use checkboxes to **Enable/Disable** servers
4. Click **Remove** to uninstall a server from an agent
5. Click **Add to Agent** to configure a new server

### Agent-Specific Configuration

Each agent page shows:
- All installed MCP servers
- Current enable/disable status
- Quick actions for configuration

Simply toggle checkboxes to enable or disable servers, or click remove buttons to uninstall.

## 🧪 Testing

```bash
# Run all tests
dotnet test

# Run with coverage
dotnet test /p:CollectCoverage=true
```

Current test coverage: **22 passing tests** covering core services.

## 🔌 Supported Agents

Currently supported AI agents:

- ✅ **Claude Desktop** - Full support for configuration management
- ✅ **GitHub Copilot** - VS Code integration support
- 🔜 **OpenAI Codex** - Coming soon
- 🔜 **Custom Agents** - Extensible via `IAgentConnector` interface

## 🛠️ Development

### Adding a New Agent Connector

1. Create a new class implementing `IAgentConnector`:

```csharp
public class MyAgentConnector : IAgentConnector
{
    public AgentType AgentType => AgentType.Other;
    
    public Task<bool> IsAgentInstalledAsync() { /* ... */ }
    public Task<string> GetConfigurationPathAsync() { /* ... */ }
    // Implement other interface methods
}
```

2. Register in `Program.cs`:

```csharp
builder.Services.AddSingleton<IAgentConnector, MyAgentConnector>();
```

### Adding a New Registry

Implement `IServerRegistry` to connect to npm, GitHub, or custom registries:

```csharp
public class NpmRegistry : IServerRegistry
{
    public string Name => "npm MCP Registry";
    public Task<IEnumerable<ServerSearchResult>> SearchAsync(string query) { /* ... */ }
    // Implement other interface methods
}
```

## 📦 Building for Production

### Build Executable

```bash
# Windows
dotnet publish -c Release -r win-x64 --self-contained

# macOS
dotnet publish -c Release -r osx-x64 --self-contained

# Linux
dotnet publish -c Release -r linux-x64 --self-contained
```

### Build Docker Image

```bash
docker build -t mcp-manager:latest .
docker tag mcp-manager:latest your-registry/mcp-manager:latest
docker push your-registry/mcp-manager:latest
```

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Built with [Blazor](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/apps/aspnet/web-apps/blazor)
- Inspired by the [Model Context Protocol](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/)
- UI powered by [Bootstrap 5](https://getbootstrap.com/)

---

**Made with ❤️ for the AI development community**

Commit message:

docs: add comprehensive code signing and SmartScreen documentation
Users encounter Windows SmartScreen warnings when running the desktop app.
This commit adds documentation explaining why and what to do about it.

**New Documentation:**

1. CODE_SIGNING.md - Complete guide to code signing options
   - Traditional paid certificates (-500/year)
   - SignPath.io free signing for open source
   - Self-signed certificates (not recommended)
   - Build reputation approach
   - Cost-benefit analysis
   - Implementation roadmap

2. SMARTSCREEN_WARNING.md - User-facing guide
   - Why the warning appears
   - Step-by-step bypass instructions
   - Security verification methods (SHA256, source audit)
   - Alternatives (run from source, web version)
   - Trust building (transparency over certificates)
   - FAQ section

3. README.md - Added security notice
   - Prominent warning about SmartScreen
   - Quick explanation and bypass steps
   - Links to detailed documentation
   - Trust indicators (open source, verified builds)

**Key Messages:**
- Warning is normal for open source without \/year certificate
- Source code is 100% auditable for transparency
- SHA256 hashes provided for integrity verification
- Applied for free SignPath.io signing (2-4 weeks)
- No telemetry, tracking, or external dependencies

**Next Steps:**
- Apply for SignPath.io open source code signing program
- Integrate signing into release workflow
- Update docs when signed releases available

This provides users with confidence while we work on free code signing.

README.md, after:

# MCP Manager

[![CI](https://github.com/JerrettDavis/McpManager/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/JerrettDavis/McpManager/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![CodeQL](https://github.com/JerrettDavis/McpManager/actions/workflows/codeql.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/JerrettDavis/McpManager/actions/workflows/codeql.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/JerrettDavis/McpManager/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/JerrettDavis/McpManager)
![.NET 10.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-10.0-512BD4?style=flat&logo=dotnet)
![Blazor](https://img.shields.io/badge/Blazor-512BD4?style=flat&logo=blazor)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)](LICENSE)
[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/JerrettDavis/McpManager)](https://github.com/JerrettDavis/McpManager/releases)
[![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-ghcr.io-blue?logo=docker)](https://github.com/JerrettDavis/McpManager/pkgs/container/mcpmanager)

> **Manage your Model Context Protocol servers across all AI agents in one place!**

MCP Manager is a modern, extensible dashboard application for discovering, installing, and managing MCP (Model Context Protocol) servers across multiple AI agents like Claude Desktop, GitHub Copilot, and more.

## ✨ Features

- 🔍 **Browse & Search** - Discover MCP servers from registries
- 📦 **Install & Manage** - One-click installation and management
- 🤖 **Multi-Agent Support** - Works with Claude, Copilot, and more
- 🎛️ **Unified Dashboard** - Manage all servers and agents from one place
- ⚡ **Simple UI** - Intuitive checkboxes, buttons, and actions
- 🔧 **Extensible** - Plugin-based architecture for new agents
- 🐳 **Containerizable** - Docker support for flexible deployment
- ✅ **Well-Tested** - Comprehensive unit test coverage

## 🏗️ Architecture

MCP Manager follows **SOLID principles** and **Clean Architecture**:

### Project Structure

```
McpManager/
├── src/
│   ├── McpManager.Core/           # Domain models and interfaces
│   ├── McpManager.Application/    # Business logic and services
│   ├── McpManager.Infrastructure/ # Agent connectors and registries
│   ├── McpManager.Web/            # Blazor Server web application
│   └── McpManager.Desktop/        # Desktop app using Photino.Blazor
├── tests/
│   └── McpManager.Tests/          # Unit and integration tests
└── docs/                          # Documentation
```

### Key Design Patterns

- **Dependency Inversion**: All dependencies flow inward through interfaces
- **Single Responsibility**: Each service handles one concern
- **Open/Closed**: Extensible via `IAgentConnector` interface
- **DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself)**: Shared logic in base classes and services

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites

- [.NET 10.0 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/10.0) (for building from source)
- One or more AI agents installed (Claude Desktop, GitHub Copilot, etc.)

### Installation Options

#### ⚠️ Windows SmartScreen Warning

If you're on Windows, you may see a security warning when running the desktop app for the first time:

> "Windows protected your PC - Microsoft Defender SmartScreen prevented an unrecognized app from starting"

**This is normal!** Code signing certificates cost $300-500/year. As an open source project, we provide full source code transparency instead.

**To run the app safely:**
1. Click "More info"
2. Click "Run anyway"
3. Verify the SHA256 hash matches the release notes (optional)

**Why you can trust it:**
- ✅ **100% open source** - audit the code yourself
- ✅ **Built by GitHub Actions** - reproducible builds
- ✅ **SHA256 verified** - ensure download integrity
- ✅ **No telemetry or tracking** - everything stays local

📖 **Full details**: See [SmartScreen Warning Guide](docs/SMARTSCREEN_WARNING.md)

🔐 **Code signing status**: We've applied for free signing via SignPath.io (2-4 weeks)

---

#### Option 1: Desktop App (Recommended)

The desktop app runs as a standalone application with no browser required!

**Windows:**
1. Download the latest `mcpmanager-desktop-win-x64.zip` from [Releases](https://github.com/JerrettDavis/McpManager/releases)
2. Extract the archive
3. Run `McpManager.Desktop.exe`
4. The app opens in its own window!

**Linux:**
1. Download the latest `mcpmanager-desktop-linux-x64.tar.gz` from [Releases](https://github.com/JerrettDavis/McpManager/releases)
2. Extract: `tar -xzf mcpmanager-desktop-linux-x64.tar.gz`
3. Make executable: `chmod +x McpManager.Desktop`
4. Run: `./McpManager.Desktop`
5. The app opens in its own window!

#### Option 2: Server-Hosted

If you prefer the traditional server model where you open a browser:

**Windows:**
1. Download the latest `mcpmanager-server-win-x64.zip` from [Releases](https://github.com/JerrettDavis/McpManager/releases)
2. Extract the archive
3. Run `McpManager.Web.exe`
4. Navigate to http://localhost:5000

**Linux:**
1. Download the latest `mcpmanager-server-linux-x64.tar.gz` from [Releases](https://github.com/JerrettDavis/McpManager/releases)
2. Extract: `tar -xzf mcpmanager-server-linux-x64.tar.gz`
3. Make executable: `chmod +x McpManager.Web`
4. Run: `./McpManager.Web`
5. Navigate to http://localhost:5000

#### Option 3: Docker

```bash
# Pull and run the latest image
docker pull ghcr.io/jerrettdavis/mcpmanager:latest
docker run -p 8080:8080 ghcr.io/jerrettdavis/mcpmanager:latest

# Navigate to http://localhost:8080
```

#### Option 4: Build from Source

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/JerrettDavis/McpManager.git
cd McpManager

# Restore dependencies
dotnet restore

# Run the application
dotnet run --project src/McpManager.Web

# Navigate to https://localhost:5001
```

### Run with Docker

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/JerrettDavis/McpManager.git
cd McpManager

# Restore dependencies
dotnet restore

# Run the application
dotnet run --project src/McpManager.Web

# Navigate to https://localhost:5001
```

## 📖 Usage

### Dashboard

The main dashboard provides an overview of:
- Number of installed MCP servers
- Detected AI agents on your system
- Active server installations across agents

### Browse Servers

1. Navigate to **Browse Servers**
2. Search for servers by name, description, or tags
3. Click **Install** on any server you want to add

### Manage Agents

1. Navigate to **Agents**
2. Select an agent to view its configured servers
3. Use checkboxes to **Enable/Disable** servers
4. Click **Remove** to uninstall a server from an agent
5. Click **Add to Agent** to configure a new server

### Agent-Specific Configuration

Each agent page shows:
- All installed MCP servers
- Current enable/disable status
- Quick actions for configuration

Simply toggle checkboxes to enable or disable servers, or click remove buttons to uninstall.

## 🧪 Testing

```bash
# Run all tests
dotnet test

# Run with coverage
dotnet test /p:CollectCoverage=true
```

Current test coverage: **22 passing tests** covering core services.

## 🔌 Supported Agents

Currently supported AI agents:

- ✅ **Claude Desktop** - Full support for configuration management
- ✅ **GitHub Copilot** - VS Code integration support
- 🔜 **OpenAI Codex** - Coming soon
- 🔜 **Custom Agents** - Extensible via `IAgentConnector` interface

## 🛠️ Development

### Adding a New Agent Connector

1. Create a new class implementing `IAgentConnector`:

```csharp
public class MyAgentConnector : IAgentConnector
{
    public AgentType AgentType => AgentType.Other;
    
    public Task<bool> IsAgentInstalledAsync() { /* ... */ }
    public Task<string> GetConfigurationPathAsync() { /* ... */ }
    // Implement other interface methods
}
```

2. Register in `Program.cs`:

```csharp
builder.Services.AddSingleton<IAgentConnector, MyAgentConnector>();
```

### Adding a New Registry

Implement `IServerRegistry` to connect to npm, GitHub, or custom registries:

```csharp
public class NpmRegistry : IServerRegistry
{
    public string Name => "npm MCP Registry";
    public Task<IEnumerable<ServerSearchResult>> SearchAsync(string query) { /* ... */ }
    // Implement other interface methods
}
```

## 📦 Building for Production

### Build Executable

```bash
# Windows
dotnet publish -c Release -r win-x64 --self-contained

# macOS
dotnet publish -c Release -r osx-x64 --self-contained

# Linux
dotnet publish -c Release -r linux-x64 --self-contained
```

### Build Docker Image

```bash
docker build -t mcp-manager:latest .
docker tag mcp-manager:latest your-registry/mcp-manager:latest
docker push your-registry/mcp-manager:latest
```

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Built with [Blazor](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/apps/aspnet/web-apps/blazor)
- Inspired by the [Model Context Protocol](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/)
- UI powered by [Bootstrap 5](https://getbootstrap.com/)

---

**Made with ❤️ for the AI development community**
